add info about local DPSG config (#117)
deity-io/falcon-platform-docs: dpsg/docs/getting-started/connect.md

### Config Explained

(config : type : default value : description)

- `redirectBaseUrl` : string : "" : The base url to be redirected to after payments (usually your client app)
- `redirectUrl` : string : "/checkout/pending" : The url to be redirected to after payments (usually your client app)
- `serviceUser` : string : "" : The DPSG user name, in the following format "org:project:env" e.g. "deity:falcon:production"
- `serviceToken` : string : "" : The DPSG token associated with the user above
- `region` : string : null : The region of the DPSG instance you wish to use. This defaults to `null` which connects to our European instance. Accepted values are `eu` (Europe), `us` (America) and `au` (Australia).

** Local Config **

These config values are only needed when you're running your DEITY app locally.

(config : type : default value : description)

- `messageQueue.host` : string: "" : This is the host for the message queue. It should be 1 of 3 URLs depending on the region your app is running in: `rabbit.deity.cloud` (Europe), `rabbit.us.deity.cloud` (America), `rabbit.au.deity.cloud` (Australia)

> - `messageQueue.protocol` : string: "" : The protocol used by our message queue. This should be set to `amqp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `messageQueue.protocol` : string: `"amqp"` : The protocol used by our message queue. When used locally - this needs to be set to `amqps`.
```

by default - it's set to `amqp`, thus it doesn't need to be set explicitly.

> - `messageQueue.protocol` : string: `"amqp"` : The protocol used by our message queue. When used locally - this needs to be set to `amqps`.

Reviewer: @hobadams no, setting a region will be enough for the module to handle the right AMQP host. 

`region` controls the REST API **and** AMQP hosts
